remove Juniper plugin references (#348)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/networking/external_firewalls_and_load_balancers.rst

External Firewalls and Load Balancers
-------------------------------------

> CloudStack is capable of replacing its Virtual Router with an optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudStack is capable of replacing some of its Virtual Router networking functionality by moving/offloading them
```

> external NetScaler for gateway and load balancing services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to some of the external network service providers such as e.g. NetScaler.
```
